new video on how I exfoliate my lips and
I have about two techniques and the lip
balm that I use afterwards one of my
favorite lip balms I hope you guys enjoy
and find this helpful for exfoliating
your lips so my favorite one of all time
is the toothbrush technique Kerry now I
have lip balm on so let me take it off
but I use the toothbrush and I wet it
it's wet already
and I just rub in circular motions on my
lips and it takes off all the dead skin
cells and makes them look like baby lips
I got that from one of my new favorite
lip balms because look is like baby lips
like totally like newborn like brand-new
no skin and it's just there kissably
smooth and ready to go I it is a little
painful but it's worth it and for all of
you that have like smaller lips
this also plumps your lips like look at
mine look look how red and big they are
cuz I have pretty big lips but yeah and
they're smooth as a baby's butt Tim but
look so you have a red they are but I
love this trick honestly it's my
favorite and I have another trick that
is if I can okay I cannot open it I'm
sorry it's okay that I got it okay I'm
strong okay umm as close really tightly
okay well I have been used in a really
long time because I really like that
toothbrush technique but this is just a
lip scrub homemade made of
any sugar and Vaseline and yeah it works
but not as well as the toothbrush
technique that one is my favorite and
then for lip balm I love my little my
little egg-shaped lip balm it's so cute
I just want to eat it but um yeah it's
in summer fruit I believe shred
packaging so cute and I just put some on
my lips and make sure when you exfoliate
your lips to also Gary here and the
corners of your lips and that's it I
hope you guys enjoyed this quick little
tip and stay tuned for more bye